# S3 - Simple Storage Service
* S3 Is a service that provides Object Based storage
* Files are treated as object, as PDF, audio, video, spreadsheet, doc and more
* S3 buckets can be configured to allow public or private access to storage
* S3 buckets can be configured as a static web server

* S3 storage is distributed accross 3 AZs (Availability Zones). Except 1A which uses 1 zone and is less expensive
* S3 allows automatic data classification
* Files stored in S3 can be encrypted
* The S3 API is based on REST, which uses HTTP methods
* S3 uses PREFIXES instead of FOLDERS, though they appear as folder
* Choosing the right storage class is based on performance and cost
* An object can have up to 10 tags
* You can add AES-256 ecryption to any object

## Rules for Bucket Naming
* Bucket names must be between 3 and 63 characters long.

* Bucket names can consist only of lowercase letters, numbers, dots (.), and hyphens (-).

* Bucket names must begin and end with a letter or number.

* Bucket names must not be formatted as an IP address (for example, 192.168.5.4).

* Bucket names can't begin with xn-- (for buckets created after February 2020).

* Bucket names must be unique within a partition. A partition is a grouping of Regions. AWS currently has three partitions: aws (Standard Regions), aws-cn (China Regions), and aws-us-gov (AWS GovCloud [US] Regions).

* Buckets used with Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration can't have dots (.) in their names. For more information about transfer acceleration, see Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration.


## Naming Tips
* Use prefix and/or sufix
